Look what the homosexuals have done to me! You can't just comb that out and reset it? She calls it a Mayonegg. I guess you can say I'm buy-curious. Don't call my escorts whores. And the soup of the day is bread. YOU'RE the Chiclet! Not me. Caw ca caw, caw ca caw, caw ca caw! Uncle Gob… was Aunt Lindsay ever pregnant? Yeah, sure, dozens of times. 

Don't worry, these young beauties have been nowhere near the bananas. I need a fake passport, preferably to France…I like the way they think. So you take your mom to work every day? Bummer. Moms are such a pain in the ass, huh? It's, like, die already! Yeah, like I'm going to spill coffee all over this $3,000 suit? Come on! You might wanna lean away from that fire since you're soaked in alcohol. Here he comes. Here comes John Wayne. Taste the happy, Michael. Taste it. It tastes kind of like sad. 

Heyyyy uncle father Oscar. Bob Loblaw Lobs Law Bomb. Heart attack never stopped old big bear! Excuse me, do these effectively hide my thunder? 

Buster's in what we like to call a light to no coma. In laymans terms, it might be considered a very heavy nap. Absolutely. And we're going to be here every day. I don't care if it takes from now till the end of Shrimpfest. What do you expect, Mother? I'm half machine! I'm a monster!! I made a huge tiny mistake. Whoa whoa whoa whoa. Wait. Are you telling me you have a multi-stage trick with hidden identities? No. I was ashamed to be _seen_ with you. I like being with you. 

Aren't you the sweetest thing, spending time with what's left of your uncle. I'll sacrifice anything for my children. 

Are you sure this isn't her sister? Mrs Veal: What a lovely thing to say. Michael: That's an awful thing to say. We have unlimited juice? This party is going to be off the hook. So Ann, the question is, do you want a man or a boy? I know how I would answer. Oh…yeah…the guy in the $4,000 suit is holding the elevator for a guy who doesn't make that in three months. Come on! You don't want a hungry dove down your pants. There are very few intelligent, attractive and straight men in this town. Well, that certainly leaves me out. I'll sacrifice anything for my children. When a.. man.. needs to prove to a woman that he's actually.. [pause].. When a man loves a woman.. 

You're losing blood, aren't you? Probably, my socks are wet. It was the first taste of alcohol Buster had since he was nursing. What a fun, sexy time for you. Well, obviously, I'm not a big guy. I'm not a Carl Weathers, par example. Let the great experiment begin! 

There are dozens of us! Dozens! Oh please. They didn't sneak into this country to be your friends. 

Taste the happy, Michael! Taste it! Heyyyyyy, Uncle Father Oscar. I'm in Vegas this week and would like to point out the Blue Man Group is *actually* hiring. The support group? 

Maybe it was the other George Michael. You know, the singer-songwriter. So you take your mom to work every day? Bummer. Moms are such a pain in the ass, huh? It's, like, die already! Hey, if I can't find a horny immigrant by then, I don't deserve to stay. 

